Add coverage of the `ref readonly` modifier to the C# language reference. (#37207)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/style-rules/ide0018.md

## Overview

> This style rule concerns whether `out` variables are declared inline or not. Starting in C# 7, you can [declare an out variable in the argument list of a method call](/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/method-parameters#out-parameter-modifier#calling-a-method-with-an-out-argument), rather than in a separate variable declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This style rule concerns whether `out` variables are declared inline or not. Starting in C# 7, you can [declare an out variable in the argument list of a method call](../../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/method-parameters.md#out-parameter-modifier), rather than in a separate variable declaration.
```
